docs: rewrite timeouts page for pwt (#622)
checkly/checklyhq.com: site/content/docs/browser-checks/timeouts.md

    parent: "Browser checks"
---

> There are different kinds of timeouts you will encounter while working with Browser checks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are different kinds of timeouts you will encounter while working with Browser Checks:
```

Reviewer: I'd do so and am pushing for this in marketing because "Checks" is very checkly specific. But feel free to reject for consistency in this page.

| Timeout name          | Timeout origin | Default value | Can it be changed? |
|-----------------------|----------------|---------------|--------------------|

> | Browser check timeout | Checkly        | 120 seconds   | No                 |

Reviewer: Should we call these

- Browser Check execution timeout
- Playwright test timeout
- Playwright navigation timeout
- Playwright action timeout

🤔

Author: Done

| Test timeout          | Playwright     | 30 seconds    | Yes                |
| Navigation timeout	  | Playwright     | 30 seconds    | Yes                |
| Action timeout        | Playwright     | no timeout    | Yes                |

> Checkly's general Browser check timeout means that all browser checks are capped at **120 seconds**. This timeout overrides all other timeouts listed: Everything in your script needs to happen within those 120 seconds, no matter what. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checkly runs your Browser check code for a maximum of **120 seconds**. Tests that exceed this time will be capped and time out. Everything in your Browser Check needs to happen within those 120 seconds, no matter what. 
```

Author: Done.
